hey guys just the last couple of days
the name Mars Argo has become a lot less
obscure on the Internet
Mars Argo was the antecedent to poppy or
that poppy a name it's now relatively
famous as a recording artist media
darling etc and a name a career that was
launched by Titanic Sinclair as her not
to covert Svengali figure don't want you
anyway look guys as of this moment this
story has been covered by various
mainstream media outlets I just saw
Cosmopolitan magazine covered it how
many readers of Cosmo heard of Mars our
cope with that poppy I don't know not so
surprisingly TMZ covered it and TMZ no
known as TMZ of Americans my girlfriends
were rolling her eyes to my
pronunciation the letter is said to
people and um so TMZ covered the story
and posted legal documents online and
then a number of YouTube channels have
been pouring over the details of those
legal documents the alleged details of
the breakup between titanic's and Claire
and the allegation that basically when
Titanic's and Claire start working with
this new artist being marketed as poppy
that he stole the intellectual property
of creative process of he stole creative
elements from Mars Argo whom he'd been
working with immediately prior to that
time their careers had been intertwined
as well as their love lives up to that
point now as of this moment you get only
one side of the story you get the
allegations from Mars Argo especially as
they're stated in those legal documents
and you may be wondering what about a
response from that poppy and Titanic
Sinclair my reason for making this video
is story or attention to something I
haven't seen anyone else mentioned which
is that we really already have a
response from that poppy in cetera
Sinclair to some extent they always knew
that this was coming and Titanic
I think responded
true to his art school dropout
sensibilities true to a sort of very
peculiar caustic sense of humor by
creating a parallel world with the in
poppies fictional universe so just as
today everyone is complaining that poppy
is a sort of soulless mechanical
second-rate imitation of Mars our go
within poppies world he then created the
character charlotte charlotte being a
soulless mechanical second-rate
imitation of poppy and they played a
story arc in quite a series of videos
most of those videos have never been
deleted from Charlotte's channel but the
ones that were on Poppy's channel are
still up so you get bits and pieces of
the story but they planted a story arc
where Charlotte and poppy were friends
and then they have a kind of rivalry and
jealousy and each is accusing the other
of imitation saying you're meeting me
you know you stole this from me etc for
the back and forth question of who is
imitating who and the friendship
deteriorates and the fictional character
Charlotte somewhat loses her mind goes
off the deep end
etc etc this is played out in various
ways I think today it should be very
obvious to anyone that this was a satire
not just of like the entertainment
industry in general or common tropes
within musical acts this was very
specifically a satire of the
relationship between Titanic Sinclair
and Mars our go-between poppy and Mars
Argo and I think they laid these tracks
down because they knew one day this
train was gonna catch up with them and
walking over I think they knew this
controversy was was coming and in many
many ways even some of the details that
are the court documents show that they
were making kind of satirical jabs at
Mars Argo not just at one
point but throughout throughout the
whole story so to give an example within
Papi's channel you can see one short
video called Charlotte is copying you
Charlotte has her own channel you can
start looking the stuff up probably
there are other channels that have
mirrored the videos that were deleted
now there was anything really offensive
about those videos I don't they took me
and for that reason probably they just
want to change the creative direction
that were they were going in in terms of
Charlotte's storyline or they're trying
to keep it fresh that would be my guess
but it is possible they took some of
those down because they thought it was
it was jabbing at Mars Argo a little bit
too directly so guys this is now 2018 in
many many ways
the poppy project has run of the gasps
and has nowhere to go the quality of the
music is garbage and it has almost
always been unmitigated garbage I would
say specifically her track just titled
money had life to it I mean it was kind
of like it's kind of like pop hip hop it
wasn't really a conventional was very
difficult other songs a little bit
closer to or a rap music vibe if you can
call a white robot in designer clothes
rapping if it's rap music it's just big
rap music what are we gonna say it's not
I don't know though of any other genre I
can put it into but look with that
exception the music has been terrible
for a very long time the live act is
lifeless by design and hate side which
real point paint yourself into a corner
there who really wants to watch this
girl pretend to be a robot
if you think the TV show West world has
run out of gas after one season in West
world only some of the characters are
robots right like this this is really a
problem when the main character of your
drama is is an emotionless robot you
really have problems an emotionless
robot who talks to her friend the plant
I mean how far we gonna go with this but
I would really say the the genius behind
it the spark of genius the life in the
poppy project from the beginning really
was the sense of agony over the breakup
between Martha are going Titanic's and
Claire in many ways this was the world's
most twisted and self-indulgent revenge
project for this guy against his
ex-girlfriend and yeah he did have this
new model dress in exactly the clothes
of his ex-girlfriend and make songs
directly kind of pointing the finger at
his ex-girlfriend
he recorded some under his own name and
some of them were projects done with
poppy he made all these kind of videos
reflecting on what I presume was his
heartbreak and sense of disappointment
in losing his ex-girlfriend and then
losing all the energy and work he put
into that creative project they were
obviously trying to build a future
together and all that came to a sudden
halt and then there was this little bit
of energy in terms of satire social
commentary and you know he was
satirizing the recording industry as a
whole the entertainment history as a
whole their various ways in which it
used to have a bit of a satirical edge
but I gotta tell you Titanic's and
Claire I think you ran out of edge a
little bit too quickly for his own good
and after a pretty early point yet he
had nothing more to say under that
having so you know from the very start
of the project they knew that what they
were doing it's not just that it set
them up for a conflict with Mars agro
conflict with Mars our goal was the you
know was the original purpose and
thematic subject-matter of this whole
creative project they came back to it
again and again whether in a spirit of
ridicule or remorse or reflection this
was many ways the yeast the leaven that
made the bread rise for this project all
they had going on and then beyond that a
really kind of limited cynical veneer of
trying to poke fun at you know the
experience they were having in Los
Angeles the entertainment industry a
little bit generally and at this point I
mean oh that's that's how it started and
this is how it ends
obviously there's money to be made in
trying to keep the ball rolling with
poppy it maybe they reinvented taking a
new direction etc etc maybe I don't know
but I would say you know this was for
them
you know you hear thunder you know
sooner or later you're gonna see
lightning it was for them completely
inevitable from day one this is what was
coming and rather than choosing to avoid
it I mean if anything they've been
building up and building up for this
conflict even in acting it out in the
conflict between poppy and Charlotte and
if this is the end of that's poppy I
can't say it comes too soon if anything
I think this project has dragged on for
too long and it comes too late
Mars Argo may be many things but she's
not a robot oh but your music is not
robotic and her stage persona is not
robotic I think everyone knows if Mars
Oracle wants to have a future as a
recording artist she can have it and at
this point I mean ironically who knows
what's motivating her but she may now
have some of the same motivation that I
think started the ball ball rolling for
Titanic Sinclair and poppy which is that
one of the things that may be fueling
her and her desire to find an audience
find a voice and find success will be
ironically revenge trying to prove that
she can be just as good as poppy or
better than poppy which is in case you
didn't know exactly the main trope they
made jokes about again and again in
those videos with poppy and her rival
the mechanical mannequin Charlotte